Error msgs in QRadar_v2 (#11772)
demisto/content: Packs/QRadar/ReleaseNotes/1_2_12.md

#### Integrations
##### IBM QRadar v2

> - Fixed an issue where the integration returned None instead of displaying the error message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the integration would return None instead of displaying an error message.
```
